They will come back the next builtin function we'll see is called reversed.
So not reverse but reversed just like sort versus sorted and what Reversed does is it returned a reverse
iterator.
So it sounds like I'm getting tired of hearing the word reverse in my mind.
Reverse the list method that we've seen already.
This one I could have you know Nom's none's.
OK I'll go with that one two three four.
I do.
None stop reverse.
Right.
And I look at Nunn's.
It's been reversed.
That is a list method.
It doesn't in place just like sort but reversed.
R E V E R S E D.
You know why I just spelled it.
Well taken an iterable collection.
So it could be something like a string hello or could be another list.
And actually I'll start by just showing you a list.
I do one two three four or even Nunn's That's even simpler pass nuns.
What does it give us.
It's called a reverse iterator object.
In this case a list reverse iterator object.
It doesn't really matter if you wanted to turn it back into a list which you probably wouldn't do because
a list already has a reverse method.
But if you wanted to just do this.
Also remember if you want a reverse copy of a list you can use a slice.
But what's important and interesting about reversed is that we can use it with other things like a string.
So if we do hello It doesn't look like much here right but we can iterate over this so I can do something
like.
For char in reversed hello world like this.
And then we'll just print char and then I get Durrow Ola which is hello world in reverse.
So if we just wanted to reverse a string like we had you know hello here.
Remember we can use a slice on strings and we can do what is a negative one like that where it's the
step to take to go from the beginning to the end but go backwards.
So that will just give us a reverse string if we wanted to use reverse.
So this is kind of fancy not fancy new goodway but complex what we could do is turn it into a list.
So use reversed of hello right which gives us the reversed object.
Turn it into a list like this.
And then join it back together.
So I'll copy this.
To join and join on an empty string join that list have quite a journey to get there.
I prefer the slice method but you would use reversed if you are iterating over something in reverse.
So you could also just use it on a range so I could do for x in reversed range 0 to 10.
Now we could just do negative 1 and that gives just the reverse already from 10 to zero negative 1.
But if I have a range like that I can use reversed on it print x and there we go we go backwards.
So it's a way to reverse any iterator that we want to work with if we want to iterate over something
in reverse.
OK so to sum it all up list reverse will reverse a list in place and it works only with lists reversed.
The built in function will return a reversed iterator.
So if we just want to loop through it we don't have to do anything special.
But if we want it to be a list save it to a variable then we can cast it into a list with the list function
like we did here or this is a crazy one or reversed a string.
But remember we also can take advantage of slices on things like lists but not every iterator supports
slices.
So if there is a situation where you need something reversed whether to iterate over it in a reverse
order or to save it to a variable you can use reversed.